hi guys it's Ben he's from lead guru and
in this video I'm going to answer a big
question do facebook lead ads actually
work so what is a facebook lead out well
facebook lead ad is just like a regular
Facebook ad but when you click on a
facebook lead out instead of being taken
to a website you stay within Facebook
and it presented with a contact form now
facebook will pre-fill that contact form
with the users contact information
because of course they have that because
they have a Facebook account now it
makes it very easy for people just to
click on the ad once and then click send
because their data automatically been
entered into it and because it's so easy
for people to send their contact
information to sign up as a lead via a
Facebook leader had they are actually
very effective at generating inquiries
and if you're looking to generate leads
for your business then you almost
certainly pay less per lead using a
facebook lead ad than you will if you do
the exact same thing but send them to
your website and have them have to enter
in all that details themselves and then
send them to you so facebook lead ads
are great for generating a large
quantity of leas relatively
inexpensively if you and if you are a
service based business in particular
that I definitely recommend testing them
potentially alongside your other
Facebook ad campaigns to see if it does
perform better but and there is a big
but with facebook lead ads and that's
the leads that are generated through
facebook lead ads and consistently worse
quality than the leads that are
generated from an equivalent campaign
where people are sent to someone's
website and asked to inquire what we
found is that the leads generated from
facebook lead ads often won't respond
when you go to follow up with it when
you send them emails afterwards and we
think that because it is so easy for
them to submit their contact information
they're not as invested in the process
they're not really inquiring and is
interested as much as they would be if
they actually came through to someone's
website maybe checked out their
portfolio or their previous work or
whatever it is and then got in touch
that way so if you are going to use
facebook lead ads then make sure that in
your lead generation form you require a
phone number and that'll make it much
easier for you to actually make contact
with the leads that come through the
lead ad and because you'll be able to
cool them as soon as they they become a
lead and submit their details
you're just looking to email them you'll
find that a lot of people just don't
respond as I said they're not as
invested in the process whereas if you
have someone's phone number you can call
them right away and calling them right
away is definitely something that I
would recommend the longer you wait
after someone has submitted their
details via lead ad the harder you'll
find it to convert that person into a
client so ideally within the same day
maybe even within a couple of hours
cool the people that turn into leads via
your facebook lead ad and look to
progress them to the next stage as
quickly as possible and just because the
quality of the leads generated through
lead ads aren't necessarily that great
doesn't mean that they won't work really
well for your business I have seen them
work and there are businesses that will
go you know what that the quality of the
leads violate adds less but we get so
many more more than if we send them to
our website that it's worth that
trade-off where we're willing to take a
slightly lower quality in lead because
we're gonna get so many more of them so
as I said I'd recommend that you test it
and you can test very small with a small
budget you're very little to lose and if
they do work for you really well you'll
be very glad that you took the time to
run that experiment and if you are
looking for help with facebook lead ads
or any other form of facebook ad
campaign we can almost certainly help
you with that lead guru my company is a
digital marketing agency that
specializes in facebook advertising and
we've run lead ad campaigns conversion
campaigns traffic campaigns brand
awareness campaigns any sort of campaign
that you can imagine on Facebook we've
run it for many different companies in
many different industries so whatever it
is that you're looking to achieve on
Facebook we can almost certainly help
you get there faster and help you get
there spending less money on your ads
themselves so if you're interested
working with us and interested in our
services you can let us know simply by
leaving a comment below or you can click
on the link in the video description
that'll take you through to our website
you'll obviously be able to to get in
contact with us there so hopefully I'll
speak to you soon but either way I want
to wish you the best of luck with your
Facebook ad campaigns and your lead ads
in particular if you do decide to give
those ago bye for now